#summary Changelog.

= 1.2.1 (only for the OntoUML Editor Eclipse plug-in): =

== Bugs fixed: ==

Issue 26:	It is not possible to install the OntoUML Editor Eclipse plug-in because of a missing requirement (bundle com.abstratt.content 1.1.0).

= 1.2.0: =

== Enhancements: ==

Issue 9:	Inseparable, Essential and Read-only properties.

Issue 16:	When the user set the meta-attribute isExtensional to true in a «collective», then all of its meronymic relationship should have its meta-attributes isEssential automatically set to true.

Issue 17:	When the user set the meta-attribute isEssential to true in a «memberOf» relationship, then the «collective» representing the whole should have its meta-attribute isExtensional automatically set to true.

Issue 18:	When the user creates a «datatypeRelationship» that have a «structuredDatatype» in its source association end, then the target association end should have its meta-attribute isReadOnly set to true.

Issue 19:	When the user sets the meta-attribute isEssential to true in a meronymic relationship (viz. «componentOf», «memberOf», «subCollectionOf» and «subQuantityOf»), then the meta-attribute isImmutablePart should be automatically set to true and, in the target association end, the meta-attribute isReadOnly should be automatically set to true.

Issue 20:	When the user sets the meta-attribute isInseparable to true in a meronymic relationship (viz. «componentOf», «memberOf», «subCollectionOf» and «subQuantityOf»), then the meta-attribute isImmutableWhole should be automatically set to true and, in the source association end, the meta-attribute isReadOnly should be automatically set to true.

Issue 21:	When the user sets the meta-attribute isImmutablePart to true in a meronymic relationship (viz. «componentOf», «memberOf», «subCollectionOf» and «subQuantityOf»), then the meta-attribute isReadOnly should be automatically set to true in the target association end.

Issue 22:	When the user sets the meta-attribute isImmutableWhole to true in a meronymic relationship (viz. «componentOf», «memberOf», «subCollectionOf» and «subQuantityOf»), then the meta-attribute isReadOnly should be automatically set to true in the source association end.

== Bugs fixed: ==

Issue 11:	The editor does not allow a class to be the target of more than one «mediation» relationship.

Issue 12:	The editor allows the creation of two «mediation» relationships x and y having the same ground, i.e., domain(x) = domain(y) and codomain(x) = codomain(y).

Issue 13:	There should be a syntactical constraint to guarantee that when a (meronymic) relationship is non-shareable, then the extremity connected to the whole must have a cardinality of exactly one.

Issue 14:	The editor allows the creation of a «datatypeRelationship» from a «simpleDatatype».

Issue 15:	There should be a syntactical constraint to guarantee that every relationship stereotyped as «datatypeRelationship» that have a «structuredDatatype» in its source association end must have the meta-attribute isReadOnly = true in its target association end.

Issue 23:	In both toolbar and class stereotype, the name "structuralDatatype" should be "structuredDatatype".